Validation: Duplicate alt text and duplicate description error fixes. (#1420)
dotnet/docs-desktop: dotnet-desktop-guide/framework/winforms/advanced/display-of-asian-characters-with-the-imemode-property.md

---
title: "Display of Asian Characters with the ImeMode Property"

> description: Learn how the System.Windows.Forms.Control.ImeMode property is used by forms and controls to force a mode for an IME used for writing Asian language scripts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Learn how the Control's ImeMode property is used by forms and controls to force a mode for an IME used for writing Asian language scripts.
```
